>> Shirley Wu: And this, I think,
is the funnest part [LAUGH]
of what we're gonna do today.
So this is called a brush, and
it's called a brush because you literally
can brush over any part of the screen,
create that little box, drag it around,
and create interactions.
So I tend to use this a lot for
filtering down the data.
So what I'm doing right here is,
it's a quite a trivial example and
I don't recommend it for
production or anything, but
with brushes like I'm
brushing certain months.
That within that brush that
certain months are in color.
And then the others are gray and
that same months
are getting reflected in
the radio chart over here.
And so if you can imagine,
that could be really powerful if you have
multiple charts that are different
aspects of the same data set,
and you want to use one chart to filter
down the visualization elsewhere.